No need, the Shen family is kind to me after all
I will give them another chance.
After repayment
It doesn't matter anymore
I have more important things to do now
Find out the truth of the year
Avenge my mother
I've been planting lately
If you need any help, just ask
This is my middle and lower villa.
For you, my lord
This is the key to the Hidden Dragon Mansion
The most luxurious villa in the whole
How could you give it to him?
This is my villa.
Who do I give it to?
Is my freedom
I'll take the villa first
Ye Feifan, the white-eyed wolf
If not for him
We won't offend Governor Qin either.
Several major families in midsummer now
We all know that we have offended Governor Qin
They have also cancelled their cooperation with us.
Aunt qianyao
Don't worry.
Ye Feifan is not enough, he is a little white face
Governor Qian can take a fancy to him
Completely blinded by him
I have the support of Jinlong God of War
We don't need to take Qin Jing seriously anymore.
But now, after all, Qin Jing is the governor of the middle and lower levels
Even if Jinlong God of War is willing to help us
That's beyond the reach of the whip.
We don't have the foundation of the Zhang family
Now I want to keep the Shen family
The only way is to obtain the forgiveness of the Qin headquarters
Tianyao, since you insist on going
Then I will accompany you to the Qianlong Fudi